Did the breakthrough fail?
Go to Jiuzhong first
Nope.
It is the legendary realm of extraordinary victory
There are only five saints in the world
It's easier said than done.
It seems that the battle for the true dragon in our family is still going on
It seems that you are still not convinced
Since you can't break through on your own
Why don't I send you a fortune to help you break through
Hahahaha
There are people as stupid as you in the world
It would be an honor for you to die at my hands
You see, it's the opposite sex.
There will be a dragon roar in a while
As expected, Lin Yan is the real dragon
It's the same as it was 18 years ago
It seems that Lin Yan is the True Dragon Emperor
No sound from heaven and earth
It dissipates before it takes shape.
That's not possible.
It's useless to give you a chance
Now it's my turn